oh man its back welcome to the third
episode of abandoned in the city with no
money and this time it's my turn the
concept of this series is simple and as
many cities as we travel to as possible
one of us is challenged to survive in it
with no money and no place to sleep for
24 hours the only way out is to rely on
the kindness of strangers to get by this
week were in Spain when we tricked my
brother by flying him all the way from
Paris to Madrid to pose for nude art
pretty weird I know but it'll be a story
for the kids plus it was absolutely
hilarious
so for his revenge we're gonna let him
spend an entire day with my wallet at
his disposition to do whatever he wants
meanwhile I'll be out in zero degree
weather begging for help I'm gonna need
to start by getting some breakfast no
idea where I'm going hello alright
I'm officially alone done I'm a wallet
don't have service don't know the city I
don't know the language of the city I
also have no idea where I am right now
well that's a freaking car out of all
the guys in history I'm the only one
that really struggles with going up to
strangers on a breakfast spot I might
just wait out here and ask a passing
customer if they can just buy me a
croissant or something weird this is so
weird
English yes second question my friends
send me out on the challenge today and I
have to rely on the kindness
find food and housing I know it's a
strange request if I could just get mall
pastry or something that was so awkward
I feel weird I'm not gonna stay here all
right there's another coffee shop right
here I've only tried one person but I
feel like this is impossible
there's no way anyone's gonna buy me
breakfast right now you guys speak
English I have a question so I'm doing a
challenge with my friends today well
they took my wallet
I know these requests I was wondering
you actually like give me whatever the
cheapest thing in here is like a piece
three or something yeah okay all right I
think it worked this is weird as hell
because I wait outside I should go in
first
it's morning gambling in the casino I'm
literally hiding behind this corner cuz
I'm too afraid to go inside well I don't
know if they're trying to bail on this
oh my god a warm cookie hell yeah ten
thirty right now I just go hang out in
the hotel lobby get some Wi-Fi figure
out where I am all right I think I know
where I'm gonna be going next it should
be a neighborhood with a lot of
different lunch spots I guess I'll take
you with me
[Music]
I spent an hour I've been walking around
too scared to ask anybody lunch is gonna
be a little harder what's your name
walking I just need someone to buy me
lunch where do you think I could get
cheap lunch or can we get lunch together
oh you've already had lunch in case I
was I'm doing this challenge with my
friends I was wondering if I could sleep
at your house tonight today yes awesome
dude I'll add you on facebook and we'll
hang out I'll see you tonight man I'm
losing my [ __ ] mind all the other
guys are just enjoying themselves stuck
out here in the cold
[Music]
cheers Thomas how are you man good I
have a question I have to survive on the
kindness of strangers so I was doing if
you work for this restaurant you can't
give me food this is my first week so I
don't have powers and nothing but I can
advise you a place to go yeah all right
my homie Gonzalo give me the name of a
restaurant where his friend apparently
works so if I say I know him he might
just give me some food
it says it should be this 155 but this
is like an apartment building wait what
the summit donde is alright real cake
he's like this is it because Gonzalo is
sent me here I don't know if did he tell
you that I was coming or no doesn't look
like he's been informed thank you my god
I am so happy right now
cheers Gonzalo thank you so much Wow
I was getting pretty desperate about
finding lunch I'm pretty much halfway
through now I need dinner and I need a
home really wonder what the other guys
are doing at this point probably
spending my money on stupid
[Music]
whoa all right lunch is officially
locked in I guess I'll just go see
what's up in Madrid I'm gonna call
Thomas I'd let him know what just
happened yo buddy how are you doing I
just got invited on like the number one
radio show in an hour and I think you'd
be pretty hilarious you come with me and
ask him on air if you can disaster
you're gonna meet us at the radio
station
all right this morning with a Metro pass
so why'd you guys bring me here we
thought we would help a little bit and
bring you on the national radio this is
too good of an opportunity to miss out
on just because of a [ __ ] rule that we
put I'm asking the entire country
someone better say yes best view of
Madrid I was literally sleeping on a
bench an hour ago I wouldn't think I'd
be here right now it's me telling you no
sake former cm are you guys en este
momento summers a stocky in Madrid in
Athenian Euro no tiene una carretera new
narrow para estar y todo lo que consider
antennas venti cuatro horas tiene que
ser por la cara man c'est exactement
another possibility anyone here either
you say or any of you guys could host me
tonight as well as we are hearing that a
nine
hopefully it is sleeper your estimation
[Music]
we showed up at the radio station
I've been contacted they came so it's
purely still feeling strangers I think
we're getting squid squid in the
sandwich okay it sounds great I have
never had that before
now Falls Hill packed with energy ready
to find some locked in breakfast lunch
dinner and a request on national radio
I'm currently homeless hopefully the
kind stranger will come through and I
won't sleep outside tonight I'm gonna
24-hour challenge right now with my
friend all I need right now is a place
to crash I don't know if the footage
reflects how this bread I am right now
there just been standing here staring at
people not knowing like who to ask
I don't know man well things are
starting to close up
currently 1022 well
[Music]
I am so wiped right now it's 1107 my
worries just people are gonna go home
and shops are closing so right now I'm
at a McDonald's just waiting I'm just
gonna go back out in like ten minutes
you just start asking people okay this
is what happened I'm literally so
desperate I was sitting at a McDonald's
win and then this guy came
I've been asked with so many people yeah
I have to take the off I can't go out
right now to continue asking what are
you studying studying a master
afterburner [ __ ] my knee right more you
expected to be doing this this morning
[Music]
you see that cool time to wake up
it's not a void Oh everybody is back
[Music]